yo what's up everyone I'm Ralph I'm a
pua that means pickup artist and I'm
gonna teach you guys you a FCS that
means average frustrated chump how to
get laid via your cooking so today we
have these things called aphrodisiacs
and that's a Greek word for things that
will help you get laid so let's start
shall we right here we got some
asparagus so we're just going to lay
this on right here we're gonna add some
strawberries next to this we have some
strawberries hello strawberries oh my
god yeah I've got strawberries next we
get the banana gonna cut the banana all
right shove it in there you got Eminem's
bitches love Eminem you got put that in
here oh my god we need more Eminem's bit
more asparagus on top bitch is gonna be
getting pregnant all I cool this out of
a banana it's just love the bananas it
was good as you can see things I getting
crispy nice quick and easy meal you do
any time breakfast lunch dinner it's got
everything you need is that fruits
vegetables and would happen meet soon oh
thank you thank you thank you sweet
thank you sweetie top it off we got some
white wine cooking wine get alcoholic
content on it's over you very pleased
with myself yo check this out check this
out oh my god browse cooking show p you
wait pick up artists got read the game
by neil strauss and my boy mr. ebert
book the mystery method you gotta read
that shit the shit right here oh my god
every person five mile radius is just
it's all about the presentation no I'm
saying you read the game you know what
I'm talking about so we gotta get this
aphrodisiac mega load onto this fucking
plate you heard oh look at that at
aphrodisiac overload you don't
understand what I'm saying that we have
booked the game neil strauss mystery
method mystery come on get at me how we
gonna get the secret ingredient you read
itself shell shellfish we got oysters
right we only need two one for you and
one for your lady smells like my
grandma's pussy when I was 11 now let's
look at how good the shit is oh yeah oh
yeah now time for the test the fucking
taste testers so you could just see how
good shit is go try to shit oh yeah
boner central oh you do read the game
knew Strauss mystery method mystery read
a fucking book man so it could be a pua
like me as you can see this all you need
to get laid anywhere any day any time
any place keep this away from children